so there was this couple that I was
working with at this one point both of
them one was a high-powered lawyer one
was a venture capitalist the marriage
was just
like they would like fight over the
coffee maker like the grounds being left
at the espresso machine you know what
I'm saying like it was like this was
their life and they had clearly loved
each other at one point and and their
relationship was clearly hot at one
point and now the sex was dead and it
was like all about the interactions of
the kids
and the administration of life and there
was no intimacy there was no connection
there was no storytelling that like the
whole thing had just Fallen apart and
they were both incredibly scared to just
tell each other their truths because and
and this happens in almost all the
relationships probably happens in yours
is that one person is scared to tell
their truth because the other person's
going to be too fragile it's like it's
going to hurt them it's going to break
them they're going to they're going to
be depressed for even longer or
something like that and the other one is
scared to tell the truth because of the
anger oh they're going to get angry at
me they're going to yell at me they're
going to be upset or they're going to
remove their love and then I'm going to
be chasing them for their love and so
I'm just not going to say the thing
that's important to me I'm just not
going to say my truth and so they're
both not showing up to in this case they
both weren't showing up in the
relationship and so they committed to
telling each other their truth which
means that there was going to be
conflict it means that the fighting had
to happen but the fighting had to happen
differently and so when they committed
to both one having um the fights in a
respectful Manner and two speaking their
truth even when the other person might
be
hurt it was 6 months maybe eight months
and their whole relationship had changed
and this is an incredibly common story
in the work that I do it's that you have
to speak your truth in a relationship
despite what it might do to somebody
else despite the idea that oh I'm not
being compassionate even though you are
it's just maybe not nice or it's not
convenient or it's just an emotional
experience that you don't want to have
in the moment but it's deeply
compassionate because showing up for a
person and saying this is where I'm at
so that they know where they're at that
is compassion if you can do it with an
open heart if you can do it lovingly and
the trick there is just to do that
consistently all the time it doesn't
have to be like here's my truth right
now I have to tell
it yeah it can be like oh I can wait
until you know they're rested it can be
a Saturday it doesn't have to be urgent
and it doesn't have to be mean as a
matter of fact it should always be done
with an open heart but the the most
important thing to get for a
relationship from being dead dormant to
moving in a place where there's love and
you want to be with each other again and
you're not feeling disempowered you're
not feeling like you're [__] getting
apart ripped apart every time you come
home it's not like oh [__] I got to go
home again if you want to change that
relationship the most important step is
speaking your truth and doing it with
respect
[Music]